doc(HACBS-1716): Internal Services Controller can send logs in same manner as HACBS (#18)
redhat-appstudio/internal-services: README.md

To test the code, simply run `make test`. This command will fetch all the required dependencies and test the code. The
test coverage will be reported at the end, once all the tests have been executed.

### Accessing the logs

#### CloudWatch

> The procedure to request access to CloudWatch is documented in the following link: [Getting Access](https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/service/app-interface/-/blob/master/docs/stonesoup/sop/getting-access.md#gain-view-access-to-appsre-logs-including-logs-from-the-fleet-manager-cluster-and-argocd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure to request access to CloudWatch is documented in the [Getting Access](https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/service/app-interface/-/blob/master/docs/stonesoup/sop/getting-access.md#gain-view-access-to-appsre-logs-including-logs-from-the-fleet-manager-cluster-and-argocd) page.
```

Make sure MFA is enabled to your account, otherwise it will not be possible to access the logs.

Once in the CloudWatch web console you can search for `stonesoup-int-svc` in the log group search box.

#### Splunk

First access the [Splunk & app-sre](https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/service/app-interface/-/blob/master/docs/app-sre/splunk.md#getting-support-working-with-it) page and complete the "Access to Monitoring Platform" request.

> 

Reviewer: Probably not necessary to specify this here.

Author: I think we need as it is not easy to find this link to get the access to Splunk. I understood from @scoheb that Internal Service logs should also be available in Splunk. Maybe I should rewrite this one as well?

Reviewer: Weird. I don't remember commenting this and the comment itself doesn't make much change... Anyway, resolving.

> ## Links

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% sure what this section is for, but if the gain access link is listed here, shouldn't the new `Splunk & app-sre` link be here too?

Author: Indeed. This PR was started before the doc. improvement so the links section did not exist yet.

Author: Elaborating:  The idea with the links section was avoiding rewrite stuff that is written elsewhere - or with a deeper coverage. The way I linked the `Getting access` and the `Splunk & app-sre` was done before the links section so the reason they were not in that section - but now they are.
